README.md, before:

# CPNT-262-Achievement-7- Stephan Taylor

## Thoughts on this Achievement

- Overall, I again loved this achievement as it really let me explore aspects of component usage and styling with tailwindcss. I was able to learn a lot throughout this process that I will be using going forward into this profession.
- I was also able to create some reusable card components that i'll likely be looking to replicate going forward, although, with a more flare!

## Plan

- My plan thus far is to take some of the components that I liked from the hackathon that that class did on March 23rd. I really liked what me and Bryan did with it and I feel confident I can use some of the content for achievement 7

- I will also attempt to use props in greater depth by using Ashs examples vue project as inspiration

- Then create a 3 card reusable components that we did not create from the hackathon day.

- For tomorrow March 25th, I would like to get the 3 object cards background image to fill the whole space rather then just the bottom.

## March 25th

- Was able to follow through with yesterday's plan and create 3 functioning cards. However, I was not able to figure out how to make the array images into background images. I would really like to know if you don't mind teaching us how!

## Struggles with this Achievement

- I ran into issue installing vue via `npm install -D tailwindcss` where css styling wouldn't render for whatever reason.
  - To resolve this I instead used `vue add tailwind` and followed the direction. This seems to have resolved the issue.
- turns out I created the first card the wrong way without calling using JaveScript. I will attempt to follow the example on `vue-demo-2`
- Ran into another problem when trying to import my 2nd card components
  - ![screncap](https://github.com/Stayl045/cpnt-262-achievement-7/blob/b8f4477ab9389ef2b7f792220ac0ede0782658a1/run-serve-problem.png)
  - At this point, I have no idea how to resolve this. I will play around with the components more and try to locate the issue
- Resolved
  - I resolved this issue by using backgroundImage in the object array rather then a standard img.

## Attributions

- [wiki](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howl%27s_Moving_Castle_(film)>)

- [studioGhibli](https://www.ghibli.jp/works/howl/#frame&gid=1&pid=40)

Commit message:

added readme about resolve of background images

README.md, after:

# CPNT-262-Achievement-7- Stephan Taylor

## Thoughts on this Achievement

- Overall, I again loved this achievement as it really let me explore aspects of component usage and styling with tailwindcss. I was able to learn a lot throughout this process that I will be using going forward into this profession.
- I was also able to create some reusable card components that i'll likely be looking to replicate going forward, although, with a more flare!

## Plan

- My plan thus far is to take some of the components that I liked from the hackathon that that class did on March 23rd. I really liked what me and Bryan did with it and I feel confident I can use some of the content for achievement 7

- I will also attempt to use props in greater depth by using Ashs examples vue project as inspiration

- Then create a 3 card reusable components that we did not create from the hackathon day.

- For tomorrow March 25th, I would like to get the 3 object cards background image to fill the whole space rather then just the bottom.

## March 25th

- Was able to follow through with yesterday's plan and create 3 functioning cards. However, I was not able to figure out how to make the array images into background images. I would really like to know if you don't mind teaching us how!

## Struggles with this Achievement

- I ran into issue installing vue via `npm install -D tailwindcss` where css styling wouldn't render for whatever reason.
  - To resolve this I instead used `vue add tailwind` and followed the direction. This seems to have resolved the issue.
- turns out I created the first card the wrong way without calling using JaveScript. I will attempt to follow the example on `vue-demo-2`
- Ran into another problem when trying to import my 2nd card components
  - ![screncap](https://github.com/Stayl045/cpnt-262-achievement-7/blob/b8f4477ab9389ef2b7f792220ac0ede0782658a1/run-serve-problem.png)
  - At this point, I have no idea how to resolve this. I will play around with the components more and try to locate the issue
- Resolved
  - I was able to make background images of card 2s by binding them to the baseCard and using moustache syntax to in inject the images from the array

## Attributions

- [wiki](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howl%27s_Moving_Castle_(film)>)

- [studioGhibli](https://www.ghibli.jp/works/howl/#frame&gid=1&pid=40)
